- [Edo] What do you want?
- I want a life again.
PREVIOUSLY ON
Germany is willing
to pay for the French half.
and they won't tip off
Manticore France.
Now we have an opportunity...
[Cecile] I'll eliminate
your agents one by one.
until you return what you stole from me.
[Edo] Invent something. Bluff.
The German agent tricked you.
Now. stop the attack.
[Julia] Matteo thinks
she's telling the truth.
I don't.
[Gabriele] Diana. We're the good guys.
Always remember that.
[alarm blaring distantly]
8 YEARS EARLIER
AIRLINE HEADQUARTERS
OKYS JET
[sighs]
[gun cocks]
[man] Now you know it wasn't an accident.
Who are you? What do you want?
[man] The question you should be asking.
is. "Will I be able to decrypt
these files I just stole?"
And the answer is no.
Not without this.
You're gonna find a name.
Then you'll find out
who he's really been working for.
- Who do you work for. the secret service?
- No.
But they're the ones who shot down
flight OT9732 and killed your parents.
Now you know. and you have proof.
What will you do? Hmm?
Go to the police?
File a report and hope for a fair trial?
How many years will pass?
How do you think it's going to end. Diana?
- This won't stop me.
- I don't want you to stop.
But the justice you're hoping for
doesn't exist.
The ones in power
are manipulating our lives.
We're their pawns.
But some of us pawns are fed up.
and decided to stop playing their game.
You're fighting against the system.
We're even more ambitious.
We want to replace it.
Who are you?
We are the truth.
I'll send an address.
Be there tomorrow. 9:00 a.m.
[door opens]
[theme music playing]
[Matteo] If you're here.
it's because the agency
has identified you as a potential recruit.
Your training begins today.
And at the end of this period.
those of you who prove your worth
will become operatives.
You'll get a salary that's unheard of
outside of this organization.
But if you're here.
it's not because of the money.
It's because you care
about fighting injustice.
The nations that are the so-called
greatest democracies on the planet
have demonstrated they're corrupt.
they are weak.
Subject to the whims of the powerful
who do nothing but fuel greater inequality
throughout the world.
For every war.
for every bombing. for every famine.
there's a system that wanted it.
There is an official agency supporting it.
We were created to oppose all of this.
But I need to make something clear to you.
we have one enemy
that poses a greater threat than anyone.
A secret agency
that's just as large as us.
that hides behind progressive altruism.
But we have an advantage over them.
We know about their existence.
yet they don't know about us.
And that's how it has to stay.
Do not talk to anyone else.
And do not trust anyone else.
Or rest assured. we will find out.
They're called Manticore.
And this guy. Matteo's. in charge.
The one who recruited me.
Any mention of the Zanis yet?
No. No. um. he just went over
the essentials.
I didn't get to see that much.
but they're...
they're organized
and they have this huge facility.
What's their goal?
To subvert the entire system.
To control people. all around the world.
Why didn't you tell me about it before?
Look. there are things
that I'm not able to explain to you.
Things I want to tell you.
but I just can't. okay?
[scoffs] But. we're sisters. Diana.
If you can't tell me.
then who can you tell?
You're right. okay? I know.
Hey.
I only want to help you.
I know.
But you can't.
Now's not a great time
to have guests over.
She's my sister. okay?
[Giada] What are you going to do?
Drug her every night?
Will I have visitors every night?
Don't worry. Giada. I'll handle her.
[Julia] Are you sure?
[Ettore] I would need to check
with my sources to be sure.
[Julia] The situation is
already complicated enough. Ettore.
[Ettore] Do you think
my reasoning is flawed?
[Julia] No.
It makes sense. I admit it.
[Ettore] After what happened.
I can't afford to take any more risks.
After what?
After we lost 12 agents yesterday.
and were nearly shut down.
[Julia] Sit down.
Your father's just on-edge.
understandably.
But he knows very well that
if we're still here. it is thanks to you.
I did as you suggested.
and pointed the finger at Germany.
And you were right.
There was indeed a German agent
on our soil.
Cecile came to realize
Klein had double-crossed her
and made some demands.
admit he's guilty and provide her
with the coordinates to find Weber.
And he obviously refused to.
And went totally silent.
The agencies are all
being turned against each other.
We have a chance here.
- We should take advantage of it.
- I completely agree.
Then it's a good thing
I still run this agency.
Rebuilding our alliance with Cecile.
That's our priority.
After the massacre yesterday?
What she did yesterday
just proves we need her.
She's our greatest threat.
And you must always keep
your enemies close.
But father. Weber might still have
the other half of the weapon.
If we could find some way
to get them both...
We won't use the weapon
to crush our sister agencies.
You're pushing for war. Edoardo.
I don't want one.
We have to track down the French half.
And return it to Cecile
as a kind of olive branch.
But Weber needs to be taken in alive.
Then we'll finally know
what happened in Lugano.
Once and for all.
[Julia] What is it?
It won't be an easy task
to track down and catch Weber.
[Ettore] I've already activated
our contacts.
They've traced him to the Trapani region.
Which is under the control
of the Tringalis.
Yes. but not just them.
We were given this information
by a rival clan. the Magnanos.
They probably found out
we stopped working with the Tringalis.
- and now they want us to notice them.
- [Ettore] Exactly.
They will tell us where Weber is.
but only if a family member
meets with them.
You go.
Since you're the reason
that we're still in the game.
And as a reward he's fed to the Mafia?
Let them tell us what they know.
They're not in a position
to make any demands.
I think they really want
to make a connection with us. Julia.
[Julia] Then you go.
Mom.
Father is right.
I'll go.
Good. You leave today.
Klein is organizing
some kind of extraction.
Let's beat him to it.
I imagine I won't be going alone
to catch Weber.
We'll need one of our best agents.
Who are you sending
on the mission with me?
Who do you want?
REPORT IMMEDIATELY
- [sighs]
- [call connects]
Yeah?
Okay. Send the details. I'll be there.
Good morning. [chuckles]
Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up.
How did I get here?
I don't remember anything.
Well yeah.
you totally blacked out last night.
I remember being in the car.
I was talking to you.
Yep. Then you wanted to throw up.
Remember?
- No.
- I mean of course. [chuckles]
- you were pretty wasted by then.
- Mmm-mmm.
No. I would remember that.
What happened last night?
I told you. Sara. we got in late.
and you crashed as soon as we got here.
so I made sure... Whoa.
Why the fuck
don't you ever tell me the truth?
Are you angry because I didn't tell you
I was dating Edo? Cause I'm lost.
More bullshit.
You know what the worst part is?
You believe I'll fall for your shit.
Don't humiliate me. please. Just shut up.
You've gone on like this for years.
disappearing and then reappearing
all of a sudden. but.
but I wanted to help.
because I thought you'd just fallen in
with the wrong crowd.
Who are you?
I don't even recognize you.
You want me out of your life?
- Well you got your wish.
- No. No.
[sniffles]
Sara.
Sara. please. can we just talk about this?
Hold on can you just...
Don't ever contact me again.
REPORT TO AIRPORT
8:00 A.M.
8 YEARS EARLIER
ENCRYPTED CONNECTION
How's it going?
Hello.
Um. I got word
that I've been promoted to operative.
Good. You just completed training
and they're already putting you
on the front lines.
Nice job.
Yeah. so.
that's why I'm calling actually.
Um. I learned there's an urgent mission
we're being sent on.
And um.
I don't know. today there was
a weird energy at headquarters.
and I got this feeling
that something huge was going on.
I only know where it will take place
and that Enrico Zani
is leading the mission.
Just keep your eyes open
and message me the location.
We'll intercept them en route.
Okay. And what should I do?
You're a Manticore agent now.
you should try to act like one.
Okay.
See you.
[Matteo over comms]
Enrico. four minutes out.
Copy. we're ready.
No one briefed us.
is there anything we should know about?
We're gonna be making a delivery.
Okay. And?
You two just have to watch our backs.
Matteo. someone's blocking our route.
- [Matteo] Who are they?
- I don't know.
It's an armored vehicle.
They have a remote turret.
Get ready. agents.
This is what you trained for.
[Luca] Everyone. out of the cars!
Go. go. go. go!
[Enrico] 3-0-8.
protect the cargo in the back!
On it!
WARNING
TERMINATE
TARGET NOT AUTHORIZED
- [Enrico] 3-0-8. stay here with the cargo.
- Okay.
Enemy neutralized.
We're going to stop you.
[gunshot]
Matteo. It's Citadel. They know about us.
[Matteo] I don't know
how they found your location.
but you have to proceed quickly.
- They may attack again.
- Okay. copy that.
4-0-1. is the cargo intact?
- Yes sir.
- Move in.
Matteo's sending a team here
to clean all this up.
Wait for them.
[Diana] What are you doing here?
[Edo] I've heard Sicily
is especially beautiful this time of year.
Hmm. So?
The Magnanos wanted to talk
to someone in the family.
They'll tell me where to find Weber
and then you'll go get him.
Okay.
Just one small detail.
I have to capture him alive.
All missions have a margin of error.
It has to seem like I had no option.
And I'll still have to show proof
to Matteo.
We'll come up with an idea.
I know we will.
That isn't your problem.
If they interrogate him.
he'll give them my name. not yours.
Yes. but you and I have a deal.
Diana.
You were trained to always assume
the worst. to never trust anyone.
But can you forget that just this once?
We have to work together today.
And you make me nervous
when you act like this.
- I make you nervous? Hmm.
- You do.
- I can do worse than make you nervous.
- [chuckles]
TRAPANI. SICILY
[Enzo] Mr. Zani.
Welcome to Sicily.
Would you like something to drink?
A glass of champagne?
No. not quite yet.
Of course. Here. please. sit down.
So. then.
We wanted to reach out to you
as soon as we detected
an outside presence in our territory.
'Cause here. [chuckles]
a fly can't land on a wall
without us knowing about it.
Or the Tringalis.
As far as I knew.
this area was controlled by them.
Was controlled. [chuckles]
With respect Mr. Zani.
the Tringalis.
they embody the Sicily of old.
And they weren't the ones who found
the location
where this man of yours has been hiding.
A location that you still haven't shared.
The reason I asked you to meet me
in person today
was just so I could say that
I'm at your disposal. completely.
Whatever you need. whenever you need it.
There's nothing my family needs
we can't supply for ourselves.
Of course not.
We would like you to start doing
your business in Sicily
exclusively with us.
Make a long-term deal.
You know. ambition is...
is one of the traits
that I value the most.
Along with candor.
I just told my people to open
an official line of communication
between us.
And told the snipers
they could stand down.
[chuckles] It's a joke.
I think it's time for that champagne now.
[chuckles] Of course.
So then. Where exactly is Weber?
We traced him to an abandoned house.
In Gibellina.
[Edo] The old ghost town?
[intense music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[Diana grunting]
Ah!
[Diana grunts]
[Diana groans]
[both grunting]
[Weber screams]
BIO SCAN
[phone chimes]
NOTIFICATION
He didn't have the weapon
Plan B
[mysterious music playing]
[gunshot]
- Did you really have to do that?
- Just following the plan.
You think it'll work?
I've been doing this stuff since I was 11.
Quite the childhood.
I understand.
but your orders stated
you were to capture him alive.
[Edo over call] Would you rather
I had died?
Of course not.
Here. I'm sending you a video.
See for yourself.
Now I wonder how Weber could have known
where you were staying.
Ah yes. Magnano.
Could also have been one of the Tringalis.
Wanted revenge for the blown deal?
- Possibly.
- [Edo] Magnano had nothing to do with it.
Weber hacked his phone
and listened in on our conversation.
- Have you been hurt?
- Not a scratch on me.
Fortunately. I had 3-0-8 covering me.
She saved my life.
But. you didn't find either half
of the weapon. correct?
They weren't with him.
He probably sent them both to Germany.
Contact me when you return.
and give my compliments to your agent.
- It's that easy.
- We were supposed to take him alive.
And recover the weapon.
Let's just say the concept of
"mission accomplished"
- is different for Matteo.
- Just relax a bit.
My father's actually starting to listen
to me here.
Soon. I'll be able to get you
out of the agency.
If that's still what you want.
Yeah. that's still what I want.
Okay. see you at the airport.
No. you'll see me at the hotel restaurant
later tonight.
We leave tomorrow.
Because?
Because we're in Sicily.
with access to the sea
and the best food on the planet.
and we're both exhausted.
I know you're used to risking your life
every single day.
but I'm not.
And I'm sorry. but. for the moment
at least. I am still your boss.
- [Diana scoffs]
- We're staying.
[Italian music playing]
[sighs]
CONTACTS
[dial tone ringing]
[phone ringing]
Finally.
8 YEARS EARLIER
Sara. are you okay?
[Sara over call] Are you?
I saw you called me five times.
Yeah. But you weren't answering.
[Sara] I know. sorry.
I just had a checkup...
- Yeah.
- [Sara] ...and the doctor said it's time.
- The baby could be here any minute.
- Okay.
Okay. you're at the hospital.
you won't go anywhere else today.
will you?
[Sara] No. yeah. I mean
we went home to get my bag.
but we're like.
heading back in a little bit.
- No! No. Sara.
- [Sara] No?
- No what?
- No. as in you... I...
Just wait there. okay?
I'll come pick you up.
Take it easy. all right?
But wait for me where you are.
- [Sara] Everything okay?
- Yes. Sara. I'm all right.
- I only...
- [distant explosion]
[Sara] What's going on?
What was that sound?
- Diana. what's going on?
- [call disconnects]
[breathing heavily]
[automated voice speaking]
Messages free of charge.
The customer you are trying to reach
is currently unavailable.
[siren wailing]
[reporter on TV]
As we continue our coverage.
live images are arriving
from Piazza Duomo.
[Diana] I knew they had to be planning
something big. but.
I didn't think they'd go this far.
[reporter] A violent. massive explosion
has rocked the Duomo in Milan.
and we've just being told right now...
I should've stopped all this.
- You did everything you could.
- And it made no difference.
[reporter] As of this moment.
the state has yet to release
any official statements.
How do I go back there again?
How do I pretend to be one of them
after this?
- You can do it.
- No.
- I don't wanna do this. Gabriele.
- No. Diana...
- I want out. I can't go on like this.
- Diana. listen to me. Listen to me. okay?
- Just for a little longer. I promise.
- No.
Diana. our Chief Technology Officer.
is going to develop a new kind of weapon
that's able to locate all of their agents.
You know what that means?
We could annihilate them
in one fell swoop.
- And when is that gonna be done? Hmm.
- Very soon.
But you need to stay strong until then.
You're the only eyes
we have inside Manticore.
We want to prevent more massacres. right?
[reporter] A large group of journalists
has gathered at the site.
all waiting for an official statement
from the government.
And... oh. so. I believe
we're just now getting an update.
We need to uncover
what their motives were.
[reporter] The Prime Minister
is about to enter a meeting...
Why go so far all of a sudden?
[reporter] ...with both the Minister
of the Interior and the Chief of Staff.
Because they want to distract us
from they're really doing.
[reporter] For obvious security reasons.
the location of the meeting
has not been made public.
See what you can find out.
Diana.
You're not alone in this.
All of us are right here with you.
Here's to you.
And an end to your missions.
once and for all.
Hmm.
You know. I envy you.
How come?
After this is all over.
you can do whatever you want.
Go wherever you want.
with whoever you want.
[Diana] Mmm-hmm.
[chuckles]
What would you wanna do first?
[sighs]
Tell my sister I'm sorry.
To try and explain why I had to act
so distant all of these years.
We had another fight this morning.
I argued with Enrico all the time.
Do you remember my brother?
[tense music playing]
The last thing I told him on the day
he died was.
"I have nothing to say to you."
And that was the day
of the attack on the Duomo.
Then. it turned out. in that case.
I was never able to make up for it.
But you have time with her.
Sara adores you. The other night.
all she did was talk about you.
[Diana scoffs]
- And how I'm late all the time?
- No.
She said you. you raised her...
That she wouldn't have made it
by herself...
And that you are
the smartest woman she knows.
- You're bullshitting me. aren't you?
- No.
- You are.
You did pretty well. by the way.
At dinner.
I'm glad you studied my file.
- 'cause that could've been a disaster.
- [both laugh]
- I did my homework.
- Mmm-hmm.
[fireworks bursting]
What would you do
if you got out of Manticore?
- No idea.
- [both laugh]
Honestly.
I've never really thought about it.
- They founded Manticore when I was 19.
- Mmm.
- It was something I was proud of.
- Sure.
I never imagined that...
that it would turn into this.
[scoffs]
My dad filled my head
with all of these wonderful promises.
But as usual he was full of shit.
It was a utopia then.
But we were supposed to evolve.
and we never did.
[Diana] Hmm.
So. what is your vision for it?
I see it as a guarantee.
A guarantee of safety. of peace.
- A guiding force for the world.
- [scoffs]
Are you sure people really want
someone to guide them?
If you asked each of them
that question right now.
they'd probably all say no they wouldn't.
But they'd be deceiving themselves.
The truth is. we're lost without a leader.
That's what Citadel got wrong.
You don't agree?
- Oh. my opinion doesn't count anyway.
- To me it does.
You know. in Manticore.
no one ever says what they think.
Maybe the one person is my mother.
But even then. it's the same.
she prioritizes the interests
of the family.
Sometimes. I start to think...
You start to think that you're alone.
I think I agreed to your proposal
because you're the first person
I've met who is genuine.
[people applauding]
[man singing Italian]
- You wanna dance?
- No.
- Diana? Hey.
- No. No. no. no. no.
- No.
- Let's go.
- No no. stop. No. no.
- Yeah. Yes.
- Oh no? Oh no?
- I really don't know how to dance. No.
- I don't either.
- [laughs]
- I have no idea what I'm doing.
- No. please.
- I'm embarrassed. I don't want to.
- Diana. don't make me beg. Come on.
I'm not gonna be any good.
[singing Italian]
[laughs] Okay.
[man singing]
[Edo] There we go.
It's not so hard! Huh?
No. No.
[breathing heavily]
[Edo] Hey. Whoa.
- Diana. Is that too fast for you?
- Sorry.
No. sorry. I have to...
I have to go. sorry.
- Wait. Diana.
- No. no. I'm sorry.
I just need a minute.
Wait.
[breathing heavily]
- Here you are.
- Your car is almost ready.
I'll wait for my colleague
and then we'll go.
Sir. the lady you came here with
left early this morning.
Do you remember what I told you?
That Ménière's disease
is triggered when our actions
- get disconnected from our emotions.
- Mmm-hmm.
- It's exacerbated by stressful situations.
But yesterday.
I had an attack for no reason.
There's always a reason for it.
And it wasn't that I was feeling stressed.
Not when I had the attack.
So what were you feeling then.
when it started?
[phone ringing]
Yes.
[Ettore over call]
I was expecting a call.
I got back just now.
[Ettore] Come see me.
I need to show you something.
[call disconnects]
I spoke to Cecile.
She knows what happened with Weber.
We've been able to regain her trust.
I'd like to say the credit's all mine.
but...
without our agent there.
we never would have made it.
You made the right call
choosing agent 3-0-8.
She's clearly a good operative.
one of our best.
Your work's impressive.
This video is impeccable. For a deepfake.
It isn't your fault.
The video is perfect.
But I knew from the moment
you got on that plane.
you weren't going to bring
Weber back with you.
What is that?
It's the German half of the weapon.
Diana.
How is it possible you were stupid enough
to think you could outsmart me?
- You and 3-0-8.
- [Edo] Where is she?
Somewhere she can't hurt anyone else.
IN THE NEXT EPISODE
Let's settle our differences
and move on.
You must want
something in return.
- My father knows everything.
- I'm going to die in here.
Our son is not going to risk his life
helping Manticore.
[Ettore] This is war.
whether you like it or not.
You have 15 seconds to tell me
about this plan.
[soft music playing]